---
layout: post
title: "Madison+UX Weekend"
date: 2015-07-12 00:01:00 -0500
comments: true
categories: 
---
This past Friday and Saturday I began the process of shedding imposter syndrome. It began when I woke Saturday feeling some kind of way because of the day before. I spent an hour at war with myself trying to decide if I could continue this adventure. I took a shower, dressed and called a cab to take me to the Overture Center and I am so glad that I did. Friday I entered the Overture Center and discovered that the tech world needs me. Friday showed me the number of places just waiting for my prespective and I met with two teachers from the UW and Edgewood. One of the most intriguing speakers on Friday was Cory Gwin who wisely spoke about UX Design through the lens of Frank Llyod Wright. Another speaker Caroline Sober-James spoke eloquently of interpersonal communication between disigners and developers. I left Friday with small seeds of hope planted in my mind. Then; I attended the after-party at the Children's Museum where we began verbing nouns and the pharse "Don't Sunday Me" was born. I played an intriguing card game which brought me closer to my dream of owning a time machine and I had two very strong drinks before calling it a night. Saturday found me a little blurry-eyed but the first two speakers had me on the edge of my seat. Will Hacker spoke on material design and I listened carefully as he laid out why simple is best without ever saying the pharse. Then; Amanda Chueg really got my attention with the pharse "obeying contrast guidelines is benefical to everyone." As a person that society sees as disabled I could have hugged her. I eagerly await the moment when the larger society will listen and understand the truth of that statement. Overall, UX Madison was a wonderful eye-opening experience and I look forward to being a part of the community that keeps it here in Madison.