---
layout: post
title: "This Week I Have the Blues"
date: 2015-08-25 10:58:26 -0500
comments: true
categories: 
---
This week I have the blues; bone-weariness seeping through my mind as I try to figure out how I am going to take everything I am interested in and form a life. Prehaps because I turn thirty-six on Sunday I am eager to have my feet more firmly planted in the soil. Nothing would make me happier than if that soil were Georgia clay but I cannot leave here, Wisconsin, without an education. Education is how I got into this mess because I have reached the point where I do not want to take out anymore loans and that means I need a job so that I can finish my final classes and graduate. Graduating will lead me to continue my work as a writer with an interest in grant writing and fund-raising for Non-Profit Organizations. I am thinking that I will attend the University Wisconsin-Madison in the School of Human Ecology. I want my Bachelor of Science Degree in Non-Profit Organizational Management. The ulitimate plan is to start my own business so that I can work for myself and fill my life with love. So, having said that, where does being a web developer come in? I figured that learning code would give me an edge and I was hoping to work with NPO's to create donor-friendly websites. I wanted NPO websites that donors would love to use. However, as I am continuing on my journey I am wondering if web development will ever feel like writing to me. That is, I am wondering when I will be able to feel like a developer.The decision to continue down this path has come at great personal expense and I am weary of placing so much of my fate in the hands of others. This week I have the blues.